Smaller design reviews and other product design feedback (#21660)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

- Discuss design input
- Discuss implementation details

### Design reviews

> Design reviews are conducted daily between the [Head of Product Design](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product-design#team), [CTO](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#team),  and contributors (most often Product Designers) proposing changes to Fleet's interfaces, such as the graphical user interface (GUI) or REST API.  This fast cadence shortens the feedback loop, makes progress visible, and encourages early feedback.  This helps Fleet stay intentional about how the product is designed and minimize common issues like UI inconsistencies or accidental breaking changes to the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design reviews are conducted daily between the [Head of Product Design](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product-design#team), [CTO](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#team), and contributors (most often Product Designers) proposing changes to Fleet's interfaces, such as the graphical user interface (GUI) or REST API.  This fast cadence shortens the feedback loop, makes progress visible, and encourages early feedback. This helps Fleet stay intentional about how the product is designed and minimize common issues like UI inconsistencies or accidental breaking changes to the API.
```

Design reviews operate in "Feedback" mode on Mondays and "Final review" mode all other days of the week:
  - **Feedback** mode — contributor knows the design is not ready for final review, but would like to get early feedback. Anyone at Fleet can attend and provide feedback.

>   - **Final review** mode contributor is 70% sure the design is 100% done. Only Head of Product Design + CTO + Product Designers give feedback. Anyone at Fleet can attend as a shadow. This helps the team iterate and move designs to ready for dev faster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Final review** mode — contributor is 70% sure the design is 100% done. Only Head of Product Design + CTO + Product Designers give feedback. Anyone at Fleet can attend as a shadow. This helps the team iterate and move designs to ready for dev faster. 
```

> > In addtion to design reviews, Fleeties or community member can provide feedback asynchronously at anytime. To do this, find the GitHub issue (user story) associated with the designs and @ mention the assigned Product Designer in the comment section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In addition to design reviews, Fleeties or community member can provide feedback asynchronously at any time by finding the GitHub issue (user story) associated with the designs and @ mentioning the assigned Product Designer in the comment section.
```

Author: Yikes. Thanks Luke

- Discuss implementation details

### Design reviews

> Design reviews are conducted daily between the [Head of Product Design](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product-design#team), [CTO](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#team),  and contributors (most often Product Designers) proposing changes to Fleet's interfaces, such as the graphical user interface (GUI) or REST API.  This fast cadence shortens the feedback loop, makes progress visible, and encourages early feedback.  This helps Fleet stay intentional about how the product is designed and minimize common issues like UI inconsistencies or accidental breaking changes to the API.

Author: I think we can leave this change out. We already have the following:

> This fast cadence shortens the feedback loop, makes progress visible, and encourages early feedback.  This helps Fleet stay intentional about how the product is designed and minimize common issues like UI inconsistencies or accidental breaking changes to the API.
